Xiao Yuan
Today Zhang Wen Xu seemed a bit off
I suspect he's up to something
Keep an eye on him for me
Lately, he's arranged for Jiang Yu Yong to join the company
Alright, I understand
I want to see
What trick he's playing this time
What's going on?
Why is there a welcoming ceremony?
Mrs. Zhang is taking office
and even has such a grand ceremony
She's been a housewife for five years
Now she's
becoming the project manager of our company
Jian An Real Estate
keeps growing
We can't afford to offend them
Oh dear
Someone accidentally got bumped
Like a dog
no matter how hard it tries, it can't escape its shell
This is at the company
you should be polite to me
What if it's at the company?
Sorry about that
What, you want to hit someone?
Aren't you afraid
of negative news about Jian An Real Estate?
Mrs. Zhang,
are you alright?
Oh